<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<body>
	<ui:composition>
		<strong>This template is a modified version of
			tristar&rsquo;s</strong>
		<h2>changes.</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>Page hyperlinks are a bit easier to notice</li>
			<li>Made the green menu slightly darker so that the white links
				are easier to see</li>
			<li>Fluid design</li>
			<li>Code redone (not that I am saying mine is better, I just
				like coding my own way.)</li>
			<li>Gradients resize with font</li>
			<li>More user friendly</li>
			<li>Different banner to accomodate for the fluid layout
				(original wasn't wide enough)</li>
		</ul>
		<p>To view the source of this banner, see picture 485493 at sxc.hu</p>
		<p>If anyone can give me links etc on how to improve accesability,
			I would be very happy to read them. Please use the email option on my
			OWD user page.</p>
		<h2>design.notes</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>800x600 and up (Can stretch to 2000px wide without the
				banner running out)</li>
			<li>valid xhtml/css</li>
			<li>looks great! (not open to subjective dispute)</li>
			<li>Tested and ok in IE5.5, IE6, Firefox 1.51, Opera 8.53
				(although IE5.5 has a small bug, but it still looks fine)</li>
		</ul>
		<p>I have heard a few people complaining about the lack of fluid
			designs. With the increase of larger screens and higher resolutions,
			some people are getting sick of looking at a small thing in the
			middle of the screen</p>
		<p>A problem with fluid designs is that once the content stretches
			wide, the line lengths become rather long, and are harder to read.
			Hopefully because the content on this is 75% wide, the line lengths
			do not become too wide.</p>
		<h2>header.one.</h2>
		<p>this site has been created for personal use only - please do
			not sell on this template it has been created by tri-star web design
			free of charge.</p>
		<p>
			<strong>please note:</strong> as this is a free template the only
			thing i ask in return is you leave the bottom link to tri-star web
			design as it is, anything else you can chop and change to your hearts
			content. thank you for downloading this template, i hope it comes in
			handy.
		</p>
		<h2>header.two.</h2>
		<p>tri-star web design is devoted to helping you/your company
			maximise its potential through the internet. are you after web
			presence at an affordable price? is your current website not
			generating the interest you think it deserves? tri-star web design
			can design or help in the development of a new website, giving
			potential customers a true impression of your business. as i am a
			freelance web designer i can focus my full attention on each customer
			to giving that personal touch that i believe is so important.</p>
		<h2>header.three.</h2>
		<p>i work with clients in the derby (derbyshire), nottingham
			(nottinghamshire), leicester (leicestershire) and throughout the
			united kingdom. if you are from outside the uk please feel free to
			get in touch for a quote as i am more than happy to expand my
			services beyond the uk.for a one-off fee with no hidden charges, i
			can design you a website to your exact specifications. just tell me
			what you want to say to your customers, send any pictures you would
			like to show them, and i will turn this basic information into a
			sleek professional yet effective website.</p>
		<p>i don't only deal with businesses, maybe your after a
			website for a hobby? or a family website? whatever it is you are
			after i can help you.</p>
	</ui:composition>
</body>
</html>